Minor updates to the migration guides (#335)
springernature/shunter: docs/migration/3.0.md

## Route Matching

> If you were using regular expressions in the `routes.json` file to define routes that the url will be matched against, these now need to be delimited with `/` characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using regular expressions to match routes against the url in the `routes.json` file, these now need to be delimited with `/` characters.
```
